= MediaWiki RightScale Components

== DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook provides a set of chef recipes that you can use to install,
configure, and maintain MediaWiki on RightScale.

The recipes in this cookbook are not tied to a particular ServerTemplate,
but can be used in various combinations with other RightScale chef recipes.

I wrote this cookbook to support my own personal and professional use of
MediaWiki, so the result is, unsurprisingly, tailored to fit my needs.
Although I have turned a lot of configuration settings into inputs, in
most cases, I haven't done much testing, so selecting values other than
the defaults may have unpredictable results.

== USE:

Add mediawiki_install to the boot scripts for your ServerTemplate and set
the MEDIAWIKI inputs.  Add mediawiki_first_time_config and
mediawiki_update_settings to the operational scripts for your ServerTemplate.
Also add any mediawiki_extension recipes that you wish to use to the
operational scripts.  You can add the extension recipes to the boot scripts,
but I recommend that you test them as operational scripts first.  The
extensions recipes have the same dependencies as the extensions themselves,
so you must add them to the ServerTemplate in the proper order so that the
dependency extensions are installed before the extensions that depend on them.

If you already have a MediaWiki database, install it on the server, either
manually, or by using RightScale database manager recipes such as
db::do_primary_restore, db::do_secondary_restore, or db::do_dump_import.
The mediawiki_install recipe installs MediaWiki and creates a 
LocalSettings.php file, but does not configure the database.

If you need to configure a new MediaWiki database, run the
mediawiki_first_time_config operational script.  This script configures
a new MediaWiki database and updates the LocalSettings.php file as 
necessary.

Extensions configuration is not done in LocalSettings.php, but in individual
configuration files located in LocalSettings.d in the main MediaWiki
directory.  This makes it easier to manage adding and removing extensions.

== REQUIREMENTS:

You must satisfy the normal dependencies for MediaWiki by adding recipes to 
your ServerTemplate that install a database, PHP, and a web server.  The 
RightScale LAMP  ServerTemplate is a good base on which to add MediaWiki.

The RepoPath for the ServerTemplate that uses these recipes must include 
the rightscale_cookbooks repository.

== COOKBOOKS DEPENDENCIES:

Please see the <tt>metadata.rb</tt> file for the current dependencies.

== KNOWN LIMITATIONS:

Please see the <tt>metadata.rb</tt> file for the current list of supported
operating systems.

= LICENSE:

Chef recipes copyright Bill Whitson 2012. All rights reserved.